c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.pdb
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
c:\users\troy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.pdb
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
C:\Users\trilc.VNYI\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.pdb
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
C:\Users\trilc\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll.config
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.pdb
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
E:\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll.config
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Kendo.Mvc.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.pdb
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
D:\Windows\Dropbox\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll.config
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Kendo.Mvc.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.pdb
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.dll
E:\BSR\BANHSAURIENG\BANHSAURIENG.Tests\obj\Debug\BANHSAURIENG.Tests.pdb
